To whom this may concern, 

Hello! My name is James Hillman and I am applying for the Sr. Software Engineer position at Pixar Animation Studios (Emeryville, CA). I am a software engineer that most recently worked on Siemens' NX CAD suite. I am currently based in Ohio, but plan on relocating to California to purse this opportunity.

My professional experience has primarily been in C++, with which I have developed and maintained shape modeling features for several NX product releases. Through 3+ plus years of working on CAD tools I have  gained experience navigating the complex development processes of large software products, in particular relating to the field of 3D modeling. I understand the importance of taking ownership of every step in a product's lifecycle, from designing extensible, scalable software to providing excellent support through  maintenance and enhancements. I believe the knowledge and experience I already have in the domain of 3D modeling and graphics will allow me to hit the ground running and help Pixar craft industry leading experiences.

I recently left Siemens in search of opportunities tangential to my experience, but more inline with my personal interests. I firmly believe that animation is more than tool to produce common entertainment. Through animation we give people a chance to experience incredible new worlds and pull off impossible feats. Every last detail in a film helps craft an immersive experience through which watchers can feel an impact for years afterwards. Based on the caliber of the content your studio publishes, it's obvious that your employees bring incredible passion to their desks everyday. I believe I can bring this same passion. I would love nothing more than to lend my hand in expanding Pixar's capabilities through research and development of new 3D modeling and animation tools.  

Please feel free to contact me with any questions or to set up an interview. Alternatively, while I believe this position would be an incredible fit, please feel free to extend my resume if I am an excellent candidate for another role. 

I'm ready to bring my fire to this opportunity.

Thank you for your time,

James Edward Hillman
james.edw.hillman@gmail.com
513-532-0119